Henry:
My name is henry morgan.
My story is a long one.
Something happened
nearly two centuries ago.
And I was transformed.
But my life
is just like yours...
Except for one
small difference.
It never ends.
Over the years, you could say
I've become a student of death.
You see, I need to find a key
to unlock my curse.
So, I currently work for
The new york city
medical examiner's office.
It holds the largest collection
Of slightly-chilled corpses
in the world.
If your game is death,
you go where the action is.
[ applause ]
Carter: Thank you.
Thank you.
It's wonderful to be here
To honor someone who
has devoted himself so entirely
To caring for others.
When he was still
just a medical resident,
He founded the "first chance
clinic" in washington heights.
It was one room,
one doctor -- himself.
Today, it has a staff
of nearly 300
And is a beacon
of health and hope.
That's also an apt description
of its founder.
I know because I'm lucky enough
To have been friends
with ty-- tyler --
Sorry, "dr. Forester" --
since the 9th grade.
And while, yes, my family's firm
is one of tonight's sponsors,
It has nothing to do
With tonight's 2014
"nyc gives back hero" award
Going to the best person
I've ever met,
Tyler forester.
[ applause ]
Get up here, tyler!
[ applause continues ]
You've always done
the right thing, t.
Don't ever change.
[ camera shutter clicking ]
Hmm.
No good deed, indeed.
Guy was a doctor
at the clinic a few blocks away.
He was probably home
when someone broke in
and things got ugly.
Business as usual
in this part of harlem.
He picked the wrong neighborhood
for a quiet night at home.
Yeah, well, he could've
afforded rent someplace else,
That's for sure.
What do you mean?
The victim
is tyler forester.
His father's
lawrence forester.
What do you mean,
the ceo of forester-lambert?
The billionaire?
Well, I'm not his accountant,
but that's what I hear.
A billionaire's son
living up here like this?
What was he, stupid?
Perhaps he wanted
to live among his patients.
Not so stupid.
C.O.D. Is
blunt trauma to the head.
He was struck
with this award from...
Approximately
a 20-degree vector.
Vector?
Angle and force.
Oh.
Well, then just say that.
...Which means
the height of our suspect
Is between
5'9" and 6'2".
And based on the body's
current rigor mortis,
I'm putting
the time of death
At approximately...
11:30 last night.
This lock,
it was broken from the inside.
I can tell
from the angle --
No, I'm sorry, the vector --
marks on the wall.
That doesn't look
half bad.
Maybe tech
can get something off it.
[ sighs ]
So, no other sign
of a struggle.
The lock broken
from the inside.
The body's position
facing the door
Seems less like
the murderer broke in than --
He was let in.
Why did
he break the lock?
Hmm. Presumably
to make it look otherwise.
So, you're thinking
Mr. Saint-of-the-city
got iced by someone he knew?
Yes.
In my experience,
just because you're a saint
Doesn't mean that
you don't know any sinners.
Every crime, like every person,
has its secrets.
Some are never revealed,
While others
are hidden in plain sight.
Roman numerals.
I know what they are,
henry.
Benefits of a new york city
public-school education.
Of course.
But what do they mean?
Well, there's a lot about
this guy that's hard to figure.
I spent the entire morning
up at his clinic.
Turns out
nobody knew him very well.
He worked crazy hours,
was completely devoted.
But it seems
like doctoring
Was the only thing
he really cared about.
Yes, well,
practicing medicine
Can be a passion
unlike any other.
Cover the body.
It's the father.
Forester: I wasn't aware
of any tattoo, no.
Nor can I offer a guess
as to its meaning.
[ sighs ]
The truth is...
I didn't know tyler very well,
and hadn't for some time.
Was that due
to something specific?
No.
At least,
not that I'm aware of.
Over time, he just...
Drifted away.
Well, "drifted"
is perhaps too mild a word.
He pushed us away.
You and your wife?
Divorced five years,
but yes.
Starting around the time
tyler went off to college,
He basically began
to rebuff us at every turn.
Mr. Forester,
given your financial profile,
We really do need
to consider
The possibility
that money was a factor.
My profile, yes,
but not tyler's.
He had nothing.
I'll show you
his bank records.
Not only did he refuse
to take anything from me,
He gave most of what little
he did make on his own
To other charities.
A few
I had never even heard of.
Henry: Some of
the forensic evidence
That we gathered
from tyler's apartment
Suggests that
tyler might have been killed
By someone he knew.
Is there anyone in tyler's life
that you can think of
That we would benefit
from speaking to?
[ sighs ] um...
There's a memorial service
tomorrow morning.
Maybe there'll be people
there who knew him
better than I did.
I certainly hope so.
[ up-tempo music playing ]
Man:
My father brought it all
back with him from vietnam.
Ah. Army?
Dad?
No, marines.
Oh. Army.
'67 and '68.
Airborne.
Okay.
So, then,
you can probably see
That the buddha statue
is the real deal.
My dad said he got it
from a monk in the jungle.
Well, in my experience,
monks aren't always
The, uh,
most reliable sources.
Well, in my experience,
my dad is.
Oh.
I can give you $500
for all of it.
Okay.
You got a deal.
[ sighs ]
There you are.
Thanks.
You're welcome.
[ bells jingle ]
Hey.
Huh.
You just buy that?
Yeah. A stellar example of
the bangkok airport gift shop
Circa 1970.
Well, sometimes what we don't
know doesn't hurt us, right?
Well,
that was kind of you.
Mm.
Though I think,
just as often,
What we don't know
does hurt us.
I spoke to a father
who was in mourning today,
Troubled by how little
he really knew about his son.
A new case?
Yes, a young doctor who
founded a free clinic uptown.
Apparently devoted so entirely
to medicine and his work
That he pushed everything else
in his life away.
Yes, well,
all you doctors
Can get a little consumed
by your work.
More than a little,
now and then.
Are you referring to --
If memory serves,
and I believe it does,
There was
a certain October.
1956, to be exact...
Oh, please, not again.
...When a little boy,
just 10 years old,
Was promised
by his parents --
One a nurse,
the other a doctor --
That he'd be taken
to the fifth game
of the world series
Between
the new york yankees and --
Oh, for
the thousandth time,
We were working
the emergency room.
There was an emergency.
Mm.
Couldn't just leave
and take you to a baseball game.
Don larsen pitched
a perfect game in game five.
Do you know how often that
happens in the world series?
Hmm? Ever? Do you?
I believe only --
Just once!
And I missed it
because of you.
[ bells tolling ]
Even at hamilton, not exactly
a bastion of selflessness,
There was something about tyler
That seemed of a higher plane.
He wasn't a saint, trust me,
But for us, at least,
he came close.
He will forever
be in our hearts.
Hamilton school is one
of the oldest private
schools in new york.
Jo:
Yeah. And the richest.
They're all wearing
the same class rings.
The city's
best and brightest.
Do I detect a chip
on your shoulder, detective?
Then again,
your instincts may be right.
The one with the facial hair,
agitated breathing, sweating,
Dilated pupils.
He's on something --
cocaine, most likely.
Yeah, well,
you can't teach class.
So, where might
he be off to?
Hey!
Bathroom's out of order.
But, then again,
what do I know?
I'm not a plumber.
I'm just a detective.
Jo martinez, nypd.
A detective?
Wow. Okay.
I'm paul.
Paul gould.
So, you guys
are here because...
Because your friend
was murdered.
When was the last time
you saw tyler?
Spoke to him?
It had been a while,
actually.
Uh...
Can't remember when,
exactly.
God, the whole thing
is just so messed up, you know?
Can't really believe it.
Were you aware at all
that tyler had a tattoo?
A rather prominent one
on his chest?
A tattoo? Tyler?
Really?
Excuse me,
can I help you two?
I'm an nypd
detective,
And we're investigating
tyler's murder.
Okay. Well, this is
a memorial service, detective.
And I'm sure
mr. And mrs. Forester,
Like the rest of us,
would appreciate it --
Mr. Forester
invited us.
Cassandra mueller.
I'm an attorney.
Does paul here
need a lawyer?
Actually,
we were just leaving.
Detective,
might I have a moment?
I'm sorry
for your loss.
We'll be in touch.
Carter pilsen. Hi.
I'm so sorry
for cassandra's tone.
And, uh...Paul.
But it's a tough day for all
of us, as you can imagine,
And, of course,
we'd like to help you
With your investigation
any way we can.
Thank you.
When was the last time
you saw tyler?
Before the night
of the murder?
[ chuckles ]
Um, I presented him with
the "hero award" that evening.
We chatted briefly afterward,
but he left early,
Said he had to be up
at the clinic the next day.
And before that...
Several years.
We were all really close
in high school,
But, you know [chuckles]
things change.
Hmm. Can you think of a reason
why the date "June 10, 2005"
Would mean anything special
to tyler?
No.
Why?
Thank you for your time,
mr. Pilsen.
And, again,
I'm so sorry for your loss.
What was that about?
That date?
The guy practically
turned white.
Yes, he did,
didn't he?
Do you have
a mirror on you?
You know, one of those --
what do you call them --
Compacts.
For makeup.
[ sighs ]
no, of course not.
[ clears
throat ]
H-henry...
[ exhales sharply ]
Henry.
Look at the photo.
Top right-hand corner.
The date stamp.
Now...
Hold this card up
to this mirror.
Tyler's tattoo --
June 10, 2005.
It was a date
he wanted to remember.
Or he wouldn't let himself
forget.
It was the day
he graduated from hamilton.
Everything
seemed perfect.
I think
they all left
Later that afternoon
for southampton,
To spend the summer.
The four of them were...
Inseparable.
I think tyler
had a mad crush on cassandra.
Though I believe it was paul
that she was dating.
But tyler didn't stay with them
on long island for long.
He was back in the city
in a few weeks' time.
Why'd he leave early?
I don't know.
But that's really
when the change in him began.
This...Sadness.
It's also when
he started refusing
To take any money
from us.
At the last second,
He chose to attend
a state school over harvard,
To pay his own tuition.
It's admirable.
Of course, we...
...Admire tyler
for his choices, his...
Commitment
to helping others.
But we seem to have lost him,
somehow, to all of it.
[ elevator dings ]
Wish you had a phone.
Lab results came back
For the substance
that was on the award.
95% diesel gasoline
And almost 5% something
called "supercetane."
Ah, a polycyclic
hydrocarbon.
Right. Yes.
O-obviously.
It's an additive in fuel
engineered for small boats.
Well, less than 50 feet --
relatively small.
[ snorts ]
I've been on bigger.
Have you?
On a cruise?
Possibly romantic
in tone? Huh?
Still trying
to crack the code.
Okay, moving on.
Because my passion
for my work has no bounds --
Well, very few bounds --
I went over the body again,
And I found the smallest,
really, just the tiniest,
"kind of amazing that
I found it" piece of human hair.
Not the victim's.
Lucas...
That's excellent work.
Have you --
gotten the dna signature?
Yes. It's from
an adult caucasian female.
That's all we got
so far.
It doesn't match
any of our databases.
Contact
the hamilton school.
They may keep dna swabs
of their students.
Some elite schools do
As part of their abduction
precautionary measures.
We may find a match.
Right.
Wow, don't think
anybody at my high school
Would notice
if I was abducted.
Well, look how far
you've come.
You're now someone
whose abduction...
Would be noticed.
Yeah.
It would.
Thanks, doc.
How you doing, jo?
All right.
You know,
today we're gonna talk to
A few of the victim's
high-school friends.
I feel like they know more
than they're letting on.
Oh, that's good.
But I wasn't asking
about the forester case.
How you doing
since the shooting?
Oh.
Uh... My shooting.
I-I-I'm fine.
Yeah, I mean, the guy
was a bona fide psychopath.
So it's not like
he gave us any choice, right?
I was a beat cop,
a few months in,
The first time
I fired my weapon.
Two shots, guy dies.
Robbery in progress
in a shoe store.
Few weeks later,
I'm on the street,
The dealer
pulls a gun on me.
You know what happens?
You couldn't
draw your gun?
Bullet fever, right?
Look, lieutenant,
I know that that can happen,
And I-I appreciate
your concern, but...
I'm okay.
I didn't freeze.
I fired.
I shot him in the leg
like I was trained to do.
There you go.
Thing is, right around
that time, though,
Every morning,
I'm getting ready to go to work,
I bend over to tie my shoes...
I freeze...
Laces in my hand.
It's like a bad joke.
Pop a guy in a shoe store,
got to start wearing slippers.
The point is, is that...
I didn't think that killing
someone affected me, either.
Nothing stays buried, jo.
It all comes up --
one way or another.
[ clears throat ]
Jo: Thanks for coming in,
ms. Mueller.
Of course.
So...
Have any leads?
We're getting there.
Had you seen tyler
recently?
Once or twice, briefly.
We had grown apart somewhat
over the years.
Since the summer after you
graduated high school in 2005?
That's right.
Jo:
So, you were telling us
about tyler that summer.
Just that...
I-if you ask me, tyler
got all bummed out that summer
Because of me and cass
Being together.
He was totally
in love with her.
Carter too, probably.
There are two kinds of people
in this world --
Those who look back
and those who look forward.
I think
tyler looked back.
And lord knows
paul does.
But cassandra and I
are different.
Cassandra's special.
There's no one like her.
We've all tried
to help paul.
I know that
a few years ago,
Tyler gave him
a key to his place.
The night he was killed,
I was at home.
Just, you know, home.
After the awards,
I went back to my office.
I had a ton of work to do.
Cassandra was there
with me.
Actually, she's one
of the lawyers on a deal
I'm spearheading.
I went uptown to see tyler
a few weeks ago.
I had been...
Missing him.
I don't think I told carter
or paul about it, though.
They can both tend to
get a little...Jealous.
Carter: Paul thought cass
had started seeing tyler.
Like, dating.
He called me about it.
This was a few days
before tyler was killed.
But he was wrong.
And I-I told him so.
Why do you think
Tyler had "6-10-05" tattooed
in reverse across his chest?
No clue.
You'd have to ask tyler.
Henry:
Paul was right
About cassandra having started
to see tyler again.
The necklace
she was wearing
Is the one
with the triangle charm on it,
It's the other half
of the one
We found
at tyler's apartment.
But she's clearly romantically
involved with carter, as well.
There's a gift-wrapped box of
perfume at carter's -- chanel.
It was a present
for cassandra.
It's the scent
that she wears.
I detected it
when we were with her.
Hm, fond of chanel,
are we?
But it's clear that paul still
carries a torch for cassandra,
Which is why
she was hiding
Her relationship
with tyler and carter from him.
Man, this girl
is something, huh?
A most tangled web,
indeed.
Hey.
I got that phone working,
The one you pulled
from the forester apartment.
Oh, anything interesting
on it?
Yeah.
This is for
mr. And mrs. Meachum.
My name is tyler forester,
and I...
I don't know
how to say this.
It has to do with
what happened to your son.
It's something that I --
that we -- need to --
[ lock clicks ]
[ door closes ]
What the hell are you doing,
tyler?
[ static ]
Jo: We don't bring up
the video.
We just ask him nicely
To come down to the station
and talk some more.
Hopefully by then, reece will
have some information
On these meachum people
tyler brought up in the video.
"ask nicely," yes.
Shall I handle that part?
[ chuckles
sarcastically ]
Paul?
Paul!
[ sighs ]
He's overdosed.
Body temperature's spiked.
He's not breathing.
Help me up!
Yep.
[ grunts ]
Paul!
Hey. This is
detective jo martinez.
[ clatter ]
I need an ambulance.
Henry: Coffee grounds,
white sugar...
Baking soda! Yes!
Yeah, 3127 avenue c,
apartment 3c.
Thanks.
Leftover chinese food,
mustard.
Sour milk!
Ugh!
Paul?
Paul, drink this!
Paul, can you hear me?!
[ choking ]
[ vomits ]
[ groaning ]
[ sighs ] sour milk
and baking soda.
An old technique
to induce vomiting.
How did you know
to do that?
You know,
you live long enough,
You learn
a thing or two.
Paul didn't strike me
as much of a hiking enthusiast.
How about you?
Emt says that he won't
be able to answer any questions
Until tomorrow morning.
He may have
recently visited the trail
Earmarked in this book.
The mud on his boots
is fresh and sandy,
And is similar to the soil
found in this trail.
But there's nothing related
to the name "robert meachum."
Well, thanks to you,
We still have a shot
at paul filling us in.
Can I ask you a question?
Mm?
Did you ever think
of becoming a real doctor?
Actually, I am a real doctor,
and will try not to be offended
On behalf of the brotherhood
of medical examiners
The world over.
The answer
to your question...
Yes.
I was a physician
for a time.
Years ago.
So why did you stop?
It was time
for a change.
[ train rumbling ]
[ announcer ] ...Game five
of the world series
At yankee stadium.
Man: Look what happens when
you lose a bet and don't pay!
Please don't
hurt me!
No more excuses!
Look,
I need a few more days!
Pay me!
Please, just --
[ slap ]
oh!
Oh!
[ gun clicks ]
ohh!
No!
[ gunshot ]
Get the hell out
of here!
Look, please.
[ panting ]
please...
I'm a doctor.
Man:
You're also a witness.
Ohh!
[ coughing ]
Henry, reece got a line
on the meachums --
A doctor and his wife
living on long island,
Little town
called "manorville."
Their son,
robert meachum,
Was reported missing
June 12, 2005.
He was 17.
Two days
after the tattoo date.
Mm-hmm.
And manorville just happens
to be down the road from --
Let me guess --
southampton.
Yep.
As a matter of fact,
robert meachum was never found.
He was presumed dead.
And there's more.
I got a judge
to issue a warrant
For paul's
credit-card records.
They show that paul bought
a tank of gas in manorville
At 5:00 a.M.
The morning after the memorial.
That's a pretty early start
for a guy like that, hmm?
Or a late finish.
Jo:
So, I checked.
This place is nowhere near
the house paul's family owns.
They're beachfront,
naturally.
What is it
about him and the others
Being from wealthy families
that bothers you so much?
None of us can choose
our parents, can we?
When I was 11,
I got this scholarship
To a fancy, private school
in manhattan.
So I started there
in the fall.
And the kids were smart
and sophisticated
Just like I'd hoped.
They were also...
Vicious.
Three weeks in,
this little blonde,
She pushes me
when I'm on the stairs.
I fell.
I broke my wrist.
Bunch of kids saw the whole
thing, wouldn't say a thing.
Well, I was back to my
old school by christmas,
and good riddance.
Kids can be that way
sometimes.
Doesn't mean that
they'll grow up to be --
Killers?
No, of course not.
Unless they kill someone.
[ metal ratcheting ]
Hey!
Do you know where
I can find the owner?
You're looking at him.
What can I do for you?
Your gas pumps,
Do you have any security cameras
trained on them?
Uh, yeah.
Right here.
I haven't worked the
graveyard shift since
I bought the place,
But, uh, this should have
everything you're looking for.
Henry:
He's wearing the same boots
we saw in his apartment.
Is there anything
in the direction
The guy with the bag
is walking?
Just a dumpster.
[ grunts ] hey.
Burying evidence?
Or digging it up.
[ police radio chatter ]
Henry:
We'll move slowly.
Everyone's eyes should stay
at a specific vector -- angle --
On either side of the trail.
We're looking for
a grave,
Possibly one
recently dug or dug up.
Watch for aberrant
soil variations
And grade anomalies.
Thank you.
Jo: How do you know
all this stuff?
I used to be
a grave digger.
Right.
How could I forget?
I got to ask you --
did you enjoy it?
Mm.
Found it rewarding.
[ police radio chatter ]
There!
Man: Hold up!
For a young tree -- I'd say
only around 10 years old --
To be growing so robustly
Underneath the canopy
of this old grove
Suggests it's being
uniquely fertilized.
By human remains.
Decomposition provides
what amounts to
A localized nitrate
fuel-injection to the soil.
You see, our questioning
Led them to surmise
that tyler's tattoo
Would eventually lead us
to finding the grave,
So they
came back here,
To where they buried the body
nine years ago,
To move it
before we found it.
I think
we got something here.
But I don't think
they succeeded.
But we have.
[ camera shutter clicks ]
I believe these are the remains
of robert meachum.
Abe: So, you think
they went out there
To move the body
and couldn't find it?
It's not so surprising,
really.
It had been nine years.
Mm.
And my sense is that they've
all been doing their best
To forget
it ever happened.
All of them except tyler,
that is.
I think it just
became too much for him,
Carrying that secret
around.
[ watch beeps ]
oh!
Well, uh, we all have
our secrets, don't we?
Have a nice day.
What's yours?
Your biggest secret?
Well, if I told you, I wouldn't
be a secret anymore, would it?
Well, okay. Fine.
You don't have to
tell me.
Of course,
you do know mine, so...
No judgments?
And don't give me that
"I'm the least judgmental person
you'll ever meet" crap.
No judgments.
All right.
Well...[ sighs ]
When I first opened
this place, um --
Now, remember, you weren't
around at the time --
I sold a piece
I knew was fake.
For quite a sum.
I put all my savings
into opening this place.
I mean,
I hadn't sold a thing.
I was behind on my rent,
on everything, and, uh, well...
I lied.
I looked the customer
right in the eye...
And I lied.
I-I'm not proud of it.
But you know, at the time,
it felt like -- it felt like...
[ sighs ]
...It was them or me.
So...
[ scoffs ]
Well, it's just something
I'll have to live with.
[ siren wails,
bells jingle ]
[ sobbing ]
I'm gonna put
my hands on the wound,
Stop the bleeding.
[ groans ]
[ coughing ]
[ weakly ]
don't let me die, doc.
[ siren wailing ]
[ breathing heavily ]
[ gasps ]
[ man yelling indistinctly ]
I'm sorry!
Man:
For him! Over here!
I'm sorry.
[ tires screech ]
[ wailing continues ]
Policeman:
Somebody talk to me.
What do we got?
Man:
Heard a gunshot.
Man #2:
There's another guy.
[ coughing ]
I saw him
over there.
[ gasps ]
Henry:
The bones have been dna-tested,
And are confirmed
to be those of robert meachum.
And soil samples
from the site
Contain traces of dna
from paul gould, carter pilsen,
And cassandra mueller.
How were
the samples matched?
Through
their old high school.
They did dna swabs as a part
of abduction precautions.
You guys would,
you know,
Notice if I was abducted,
right?
I've already told him
that we would be,
If it wasn't too busy.
The school swabs are also
how we definitively matched
The hair that lucas found
on tyler's body to cassandra,
Putting her
at the murder.
Furthermore,
analysis of meachum's bones
Reveal injuries consistent with
his having been hit by a car.
[ tires screech,
glass breaks ]
Front bumper, to be exact.
Most like a 2005 xj sedan.
How could you
possibly know that?
Because, again,
due to the bone fractures,
The bumper was likely to be
22 to 25 inches off the ground,
And the '05 xj sedan
is 23.6 inches.
I have a thing
about jaguars.
And the date-stamped
graduation photo
Has the four of them
sitting on a 2005 xj sedan,
New york plates,
registered to cassandra mueller.
Probably
a graduation gift.
Spoiled.
No,
more like "guilty."
So, they killed
meachum,
And then they killed
tyler because he
was gonna confess.
Okay.
Bring them in.
And make sure
each of them knows
The other is there --
and talking.
Jo: You killed her --
all three of you.
No!
That's not true.
Stop it, carter!
We have footage of you and paul
at the gas station.
You're holding
the shovel.
Which we found
in the dumpster.
It's your dna
in the soil at the grave.
It's over.
Look, just...
Do yourself a favor.
Tell me
what happened that night.
We hit him...
The kid.
We were drunk,
driving home from a party.
No one saw the kid.
[ up-tempo music playing ]
Carter: [ laughing ]
come on, cass!
[ singsong voice ]
I dare you!
[ laughs ]
Come on, you know
you want to do it.
Don't do it, dude.
I'll kill you.
[ laughter ]
hey!
If you want to be with him,
then...
Aww.
Okay. Okay.
Enough. Enough. Enough.
Tyler: Watch out!
[ tires screech,
glass breaks ]
Paul was driving.
Carter said
I was driving?
Joanne: Paul said
you were the one driving,
Which means
you'll get the most time.
Which is probably why
you went to see tyler that night
About confessing,
isn't it?
I was with carter
that night.
I didn't kill tyler.
Cassandra
couldn't have done it.
She was with me
that night.
You can check
my firm's doorman.
I begged tyler not to send
that video to anyone,
But he made up his mind.
I only told cassandra
about it.
I knew she'd be the only one
who could stop him.
Tyler wanted
to go to the police.
But I told them that...
We had a choice to make,
That we had to
choose ourselves...
Our futures.
So, what you're saying to me
Is that you killed meachum,
but you didn't kill tyler.
Yes.
We did hit that boy
that night.
I wish we didn't.
But we did.
But I didn't hurt tyler.
I could never do that.
Jo:
Do you believe her?
I believe
she loved tyler.
Doesn't mean
she didn't kill him.
No, it doesn't.
Well, it's not like
anybody can say she
didn't have it in her.
She just admitted to
killing robert meachum.
Henry: And, of course,
dr. And mrs. Meachum,
I can have robert's remains
forwarded directly
To the funeral home
in manorville.
Yes, I...
I suppose
that would be best.
And, so you know,
we have the three in custody.
They'll be officially charged
later today.
I told bobby I didn't want him
walking to that gas station
In the middle
of the night.
I told him.
[ sniffling ]
[ gas station bell dings ]
What is it?
Do you mind, awfully,
If we hold onto this
for a little while longer?
Thank you.
No...
I think
we resigned ourself
To never really knowing
what happened to bobby.
It's, um...
It's better this way.
Henry, would you just
slow down?
Use your words.
What do you need?
Where's tyler's case file?
Wh--
Good lord.
How do you find anything?
Here. Here.
Here it is.
Alicorn international.
Tyler's father mentioned
That he donated to charities
that he'd never even heard of.
Well, here's the list.
I was looking at it
the other day.
There's one charity here,
alicorn international.
Address -- 1342 route 27,
manorville, new york.
Isn't that
the same address as --
The station that tyler
and the rest stopped
after the accident.
Also...
Where robert meachum worked.
Look.
Same as
on the murder weapon.
And white gravel.
Same as tyler's apartment.
Hey, there.
Hey.
If it isn't
new york's finest.
I heard you guys found
that meachum kid's body.
Glad I could help.
Yes, thanks.
How long have you
worked here, mister...?
Morris.
Since I was a kid.
Bought the place
five years ago.
So, you were the one that
changed the name of the station.
Yeah. Used to be called
"alicorn gas."
Alicorn?
A winged unicorn.
Stupid, right?
So, I changed it.
Tell me, mr. Morris,
were you working here
The night that
robert meachum disappeared?
That was like...
10 years ago.
I don't know.
Why?
Can we take a look
at your bank records?
I'm not with the I.R.S.,
obviously.
It's pertaining to a murder
in new york.
In the city?
What, is this...About
that meachum thing?
Yes.
Hey, you know what?
It's fine.
I got nothing to hide.
R-right back here.
I'll get them.
Henry: Ahh!
Henry!
Aah!
Go! I'll be fine!
[ groaning ]
[ gunshots ]
Drop your weapon!
Drop your weapon now!
Jo:
Bullet fever, right?
Look, lieutenant,
I know that that can happen...
No.
You drop your weapon.
It's those rich kids
from the city
Who are the bad guys here,
not me.
Yes.
We know what they did,
mr. Morris.
Like we know you
were working here that night,
The night
they hit meachum...
That you knew
what they had done.
And when you found out
that tyler was wealthy,
You decided
to blackmail him.
Until he decided
to confess.
Jo:
Henry, stop!
Henry!
Hey, it's her or you, man.
Your call.
Me. Shoot me.
Henry, stop!
[ gunshot ]
Drop your gun!
Drop it!
[ grunts ]
Roll over.
Fingers together!
Interlace them!
[ handcuffs click ]
So, tyler told morris
He wasn't gonna pay him
any more hush money,
And morris went to his apartment
after the awards ceremony
To threaten him
and wound up killing him.
And at the gas station out
there, were you all right?
Yeah. I-I was fine.
Meet me here.
5:00.
Henry:
I understand tyler's friends
brought in their lawyers.
Vehicular assault.
It's not even
manslaughter.
They'll do a few years.
And the worst part is,
I don't think even one of them
Lost a moment's sleep
over what they did.
Yes, well,
in the heat of any moment,
We all have an instinct
for self-preservation.
Yeah, but it's the choices
we make after those moments
That count, right?
You know, your self-preservation
instinct seems non-existent.
Henry, look at me.
Don't ever pull
another stunt like you did
At that gas station.
Understand?
[ gunshots ]
Using your weapon has to be
instinct, muscle memory.
Not a choice.
Henry: We can train
our bodies to forget.
But not our minds.
And one thing living forever
teaches you
Is that your past,
your secrets, mark you always,
Like it or not.
My famous
thai-jungle curry.
It cures colds
and bullet wounds.
Oh, um, I-it -- it's hot, so,
uh, j-just give it a second.
Henry, the other day,
When you asked me
about my biggest secret,
Uh, what I told you,
uh, that wasn't it.
You know,
when I was in, uh, vietnam
And I was just a few weeks
into my tour,
Uh, my platoon
was out on patrol at night
And we ran into
an ambush.
And I found myself alone...
Scared as hell.
And as the fight raged on,
I, uh...
I just laid there on the ground,
terrified, 'til it was over.
I never told anyone.
But afterwards, I found out that
three of our guys were killed.
As long as I live,
I'll always wonder
If they might be alive
if I had joined that fight.
Abe, you can't
blame yourself for that.
Sure I can.
Henry:
But don't you see, abigail?
I chose myself over him.
I might have been able
to save the man,
But I chose not to risk
being exposed.
Henry, darling,
please.
You're being too hard
on yourself.
[ breathing heavily ]
I can no longer be a doctor
if I know that, if pressed,
I'll break my oath.
[ door opens ]
henry, please.
You could no sooner
not be a doctor than I c--
Mom, dad, I'm home.
Wash up for dinner, abe.
You did what you did
not for yourself, but for us.
For your family.
You'll get past this.
You must.
Just give it time.
Henry:
There are things for all of us
That even
all the time in the world
Wouldn't be able to erase.
Hey.
Don't let it get cold.
Oh, uh, fair warning,
it's a little spicy.
[ slurps ]
Oh, this is fantastic.
What's in it?
That's a secret.
[ both chuckling ]